ENH: Implement concatenate dtype and casting keyword arguments (#16134)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/16134.compatibility.rst

Same kind casting in concatenate with ``axis=None``
---------------------------------------------------

> Unlike most `~numpy.concatenate` calls, when no axis
> was given (the ravelled arrays being concatenated)
> previously "unsafe" casting was used.
> This is now deprecated and "same kind" casting will be
> used by default. The new ``casting`` keyword argument
> can be used to retain the old behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `~numpy.concatenate` is called with `axis=None`,
the flattened arrays were cast with ``unsafe``. Any other axis
choice uses "same kind". That different default
has been deprecated and "same kind" casting will be used
instead. The new ``casting`` keyword argument
can be used to retain the old behaviour.
```
